docs(block): documentation rework (#2449)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/block/how-to/delete-a-snapshot.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to delete a volume snapshot
  description: This page explains how to delete a volume snapshot
content:
  h1: How to delete a volume snapshot
  paragraph: This page explains how to delete a volume snapshot
tags: delete snapshot block volume storage
dates:
  validation: 2023-11-23
  posted: 2023-11-23
categories:
  - block-storage
  - storage
---

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/)
  - You have [created](/storage/block/how-to/create-a-volume/) a Block Storage volume
</Message>

1. Click **Block Storage** in the **Storage** section of the Scaleway Console side menu. A list of your volumes displays.
2. Click the **Snapshots** tab.
3. Click <Icon name="more" /> > **Delete** next to the snapshot of your choice. A pop-up displays.
4. Type `DELETE` to confirm.
5. Click **Delete this snapshot**.
    <Message type="important">

>       This action permanently deletes your snapshot and all the data it contains. If you do not want to lose this data, make sure you back your data before deleting the snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This action permanently deletes your snapshot and all the data it contains. If you do not want to lose this data, make a backup before deleting the snapshot.
```
